the scene of the island is shown as the
film starts
it was the time of world war ii two
aircrafts are crashed on that island
two fighter pilots appear from there
they fight with each other here meantime
they move to a forest one of them is
going to kill other
a mysterious giant creature named kong
comes on the scene
they are very frightened seeing him and
the location changes
and past time is shown from many years
ago
here geophysicist team appears
which consisted of a character built
with his companion
bill had searched an island after a
great research
some funds were required to visit here
he had visited statements house for this
purpose
he was talking about that island which
has been shown at the start of the movie
according to him island is ancient where
various antique creatures
inhibit there but the world still has
no knowledge about them statement does
not take
interest in this research and he
declines him
to allocate funds but bill pleads him
saying the entire world including russia
wants to discover this island knowing it
statement
allows his visit there and allocates
fund
he could not go alone for search so he
builds a team
and holds the responsibility as in
charge
and he also takes the duties of army
unit
including a major there was also a girl
photographer
named mason to capture the scenes
then a meeting is held among them in
which a location is decided
to meet if they lose the vein the
following day
they moved to the sea because they had
to take a helicopter from there
reaching sea on the next day they come
to know
that the v through which they have to
fly in helicopter
to the island is not out of danger right
now
because the worst storm had broken out
there
ignoring it bill takes a flight
adjusting
his army unit into six or seven
helicopters
the storm begins to worsen while flying
that way
there was not a ray of hope for their
helicopters
safety anyhow they come out from there
at last they reach that island so they
explode the underground
contrarily there is created a commotion
on the island
many animals begin to run and the object
starts striking with the helicopters
then a giant
ape named kong appears he attacks them
as being furious major commands his
soldiers to target it while firing
it edits as they fire their guns on it
he starts to attack them and their
helicopter
due to this many soldiers are killed
now they built two teams one team
included bill
and army soldiers while other team
included nation
bill and the rest of the survivors major
points his gun
on bill after losing his many soldier
and says
why have you brought us here bill
replies this planet did not belong to us
animals used to inhibit here including
such creatures
which are beyond our knowledge moreover
he tells that once i was sailing boat
in the sea that a giant creature
assaulted our boat and
all people ended except me no one
believed my word
when i revealed this whole story after
returning
then i decided that i myself will
research
i have come here after 30 years of
so i may expose before the world that
such creatures
have existence now one of the soldiers
was missing so major moves to the forest
in his search
while walking a bamboo is thirst into
one of the soldier's mouth
and he is dead pathetically casting
their eyes upward a spider has woven
its web in the bamboo that was the
monstrous spider
it begins to attack the rest of the
soldiers
then major shoots it this forest was
stuffed with the mysterious creatures
on the opposite side a missing soldier
is shown
standing near a stream he sees giant ape
kong
he absorbs an octopus has attacked kong
from the water constantly kong has
started to eat it after killing that
octopus
that soldier who is there becomes
fearful seeing it
then jane's team is shown moving at a
place
they encounter a giant creature buffalo
before them they cool their heels for a
time
whether it attacks them but the buffalo
moves quietly from there
now they move ahead then they
encountered some wild natives
there was also man among them who could
speak english
actually he was the same missing soldier
between both who had been shown many
years ago in the movie
he leads them to a tribe he tells we
both soldier
had caught here many years ago and we
had been living here
from that time few years ago other
soldier
was killed by a creature skull crawler
this mysterious creature inhibits
underground
it is the worst enemy of kong he tells
they have been living underground for a
long time they have come on the surface
because of the explosion of that
bomb which you exploded he informs
kong actually protects us who will
rescue us if they harm kong
james team had a short time to reach
that location
that old soldiers sachin over a boat to
you
then they begin to repair it mason
observes a buffalo is burdened with the
dropped helicopter
she tries to help her then kong appears
who rescues buffalo's life picking
helicopter
up easily mason is scared encountering
kong
then she thinks how can one be cruel
with anyone who has soft corner for
animals
on the other side a missing soldier is
shown
he is sitting at a place later he feels
that it is not a tree
but a creature he begins to fire his gun
as the creature stands up but it reveals
that the creature
starts fleeing because of a thing it was
skull crawler
not anyone else from which it was
fleeing in fear
that skull crawler kills that soldier
advancing itself
now army unit was ready to go ahead and
james boat was also made they leave
saying
farewell to the tribe all were excited
thinking
they are leaving island meantime strange
carnivorous birds appear
and take a man among them lifting him
james is firing his gun on them at first
sight
those birds tear up that man they cannot
save him
then it is shown that the major steam
and james team
face each other at a place now major was
getting worried
about his missing soldier who was his
exceptional one
he says we will have to move to the
direction of west
but major orders james to come with him
now they moved to a location
where many skeletons and bones had
turned into fossil fuel
a man falls down a cigarette as a result
the police is
burst into flames with a great explosion
and skull crawlers are awakened who are
in surroundings
a creature ejects a skull from his mouth
and that skull
had the locket of that soldier then
james
who knows that he is no more but they
could not escape from there
because they were surrounded by skull
crawlers there was also gas explosions
and they were finding difficulty to end
them
somehow they kill them shooting their
fire gun
now james tells measure while showing a
locket
your soldier is not alive but major
loses his temper
and says i will not let kong survive now
all revealed to him kong is blameless
even he is just protecting
skull crawlers will kill us if we hon
kong
taban major repudiates their advice
jem says to him you may go now to that
place while i will wait for you
with my team going near the boat now it
is shown
that james and mason are sitting at the
peak of mountain at night
they encounter a standing kong in front
of them
being frightful mason spreads her hand
and starts loving kong it does not harm
them
mason feels pleasant on the other side
it is seen that major and his soldiers
have fixed many bombs at the bank
of the stream kong reaches there as
explosives are exploded
it begins to attack those soldiers
glazing
it also loses its senses because of
burning with fire
but jeans explains him coming there we
are all safe because of kong how should
i explain to you
that kong is not our opponent but major
remains
disagreed saying this earth planet is
ours so we will be superior not this
creature
but he is going to keep his guns down
after hearing jeans
then a giant skull caller appears there
it begins to attack them but kong wakes
up at the time
then major commands to blow up the bombs
but kong moves to skull crawler while
crushing it
there is great fight between them while
rest of them
move to the boat this fight continues
till morning contrarily
soldiers were firing their guns on skull
crawler
and it starts moving towards it leaving
kong
now kong had dropped down into water and
caught in rods
offering his life one of the soldiers
sets
all bombs with his body he stands before
skull crawler thinking it may eat it
and the bomb blew up in his stomach and
it may die
but the creature was also so sharp
witted it pushes him forcefully and he
strikes with the rock of mountain
which results the explosion now it
advances towards
others to kill them immediately kong
drags him
while waking up climbing up the mountain
mason fires her gun
to signal to the helicopters as they are
here
but she falls into a stream now kong is
shown
which was fighting with the creature
with full strength and energy at last it
kills that creature for forever
beating and pulling its tongue bringing
out mason from stream
it leaves her to the human beings
now they were connected so returned to
their country
getting together and the company hires
mason and james
which had the aim to keep the new
creature under their control
and the old soldier he had returned back
and he meets his son
and wife he is enlivened
and movie also completes along with it
thank you for watching